- Previously on
"Shahs of Sunset"...
- What kinda baby you want?
- A healthy one.
What kind do you want?
- A little girl
so we can dress her up.
- Honey, it's not a toy.
- Planning to start a family?
- We are.
He's much more
wanting his own kids
and I'm much
more about adopting.
- Are you two exclusive?
- Yes.
- Monogamous?
- You've taken someone
off the market--
- I've gone
off the market as well.
My relationship with Annalise
has definitely developed.
So far, so good.
- I want you to get married,
have a baby.
MJ's life right now
is a f---ing mess.
- You lied to me
about freezing eggs.
- Actually, we froze embryos.
It was seven boys
and I didn't use them.
Jermaine and I are gonna be
welcoming our son.
- You got pregnant
by a miracle.
Asa's a fraud.
- ♪ Got a lot of girls,
cut a lot of checks ♪
♪ That's the life
here on Sunset ♪
♪ Rich and famous,
I am success ♪
♪ Met her at Les Deux
and she do love sex ♪
♪ I'ma sip this,
you do the rest ♪
♪ You know what you do,
you do the best ♪
♪ Do me a favor,
lose the dress ♪
♪ We run L.A. ♪
[hip-hop music]
♪ ♪
- [laughs]
[speaking Farsi]
- I missed your food, Mommy.
- How is the baby?
- Good.
- How are my two big babies?
[laughter]
I'm so tired.
- Oh, that's the "pregnancy."
- Israel was physically
so challenging.
There were so many moments
I just didn't think
I could do it.
- What do you mean it?
We are happy when you see.
- Oh, my God.
I miss this food!
- Mmm.
- Mom, did you make it spicy?
I hope you did.
- Mm-hmm.
- These days, you guys,
I eat, I eat,
and I'm still hungry.
- We are happy to have you back.
- I'm happy to be back.
- This is
the most important for me.
- Honestly, it was very,
very hard for me
because I felt so alone,
physically.
I don't expect anybody
to take care of me.
But I really was surprised
that my friends
weren't looking out for me more.
- Here, I'll get this.
- No, I'll get it, don't worry.
- I got it, I got it, I got it.
- You know, when it gets to
this late in pregnancy,
it's a problem.
- Let me know
if you need anything.
- I thought they are there.
- Yeah, I thought so, too.
It was surprising to me.
I can't even express
the lack of love and support
from my friends.
- You wanna hold me hand
just to be safe?
- It felt like everybody
turned their back on me.
Nothing for your pregnancy
friend, Sherv?
- You want chocolate cookies?
- Ugh.
But honestly, I don't know.
- Sometimes, I can't remember
certain things.
Like, I have pregnancy brain.
Which is a real thing.
My normal, very focused brain
right now is like an omelet.
I'm just so tired.
Like, I need to sit down.
- Yeah.
[lively music]
- You couldn't wear a tighter
shirt from f---ing H&M?
- No, I'm sorry, man. I'm a
little bigger than you are.
Pour this guy a drink. Yeah.
- Is this tequila?
- Yeah, we're gonna
pour it right now.
- Yeah, please.
♪ ♪
- [speaking native language]
- Thank you so much.
[together] Hey!
- What's up, my brother?
- When I was in Israel,
it's like I had a Jewpiphany
where I realized that
it's time that I finally
go out and start meeting people
and possibly start dating again.
- This bitch was like,
"I'm gonna wear my flats.
My comfy sh--."
- How are you wearing flats
at a club?
- I gotta go.
- Mike definitely has
a lot of guilt and shame
about him cheating
and about how
his last relationship
turned out.
- I have someone
who I love dearly
and I made mistakes.
I was a bad husband.
I f---ed up.
And I f---ing
feel horrible about it.
- He needs to let that go.
[laughter]
- What's your name?
- Jess, I'm Shervin.
[upbeat club music]
♪ ♪
- [screams]
[both exchanging greetings]
- Hey, hey! Ohh!
- Whoo-hoo!
- I love women.
- How many times
you wanna tell me
you love women?
I know you love women.
- 180 f---ing thousand times.
- You love women
with big breasts.
You said that to me, like,
a hundred f---ing times.
- I cannot--
I cannot deal with you.
- With Destiney it's cool,
'cause we're homies.
Kinda like bros,
but she's a female.
Whatever it is,
but let's just keep her
in the friend zone
because it'll last longer
than the few hours of fun
that we would have
in my bedroom.
A few hours. You like that.
Not a few minutes.
- No!
- Yo, I love Mike but some of
the sh-- that he says,
you're just like, "What?"
- Oh, my God.
I can die now.
- But reality is--
is like he's trying to deflect
on how bad he's really hurting.
♪ ♪
He ain't trying
to mess with nobody.
It's almost like
he's saying the wrong things
to keep these bitches away.
- Hey.
Going to the club, I realized
there's nothing in this place
that I want.
I want a wholesome woman
who wants to spend time at home.
- What'd you make?
- Ghormeh Sabzi.
This looks strange,
though, no?
- The girl I'm gonna be with
has a career.
She's gonna have to
be up the next day,
not wanting to go out clubbing.
- You work?
- I'm a nurse.
- A night out
is making Shabbat dinner.
- Reza, I only make gondi
for you, so please eat.
- I love you.
- The next woman
that I'm gonna be with
is gonna be the, hopefully,
mother of my children.
I'm tired.
I wanna go home.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Hey, how you doing?
- How's it going?
- What are you looking for?
- I have a very picky friend.
- Right.
- Who's looking
for cabinet knobs.
- Okay.
♪ ♪
- Hey, sexy mama.
- Hello.
Where do we start?
- Let's start with
a kitchen knob and let's
let that kind of lead us
in the direction
that we wanna go in.
- Okay.
- Listen, if you are
a human being
that has 50% awareness,
you're gonna have
a transformation in Israel.
- Be specific on what you want.
- Oh.
- Merce, tap into
the energy of the wall.
And my friend MJ is finally,
finally gonna start
moving forward with
the condo renovation.
But I don't want it to f---ing
scare the sh-- out of her.
So let's start with something
very, very small.
- Ehh.
- What do you want?
- A handle, I thought.
- You want these?
- Those are a little played out.
- These?
- No.
Ay-yay-yay. There's a Lucite
long door handle
for God knows what.
Oh, Lord have mercy.
I mean--
Umm--
Are you gonna be able
to wash your face
without turning a knob? No.
Can you pull out
a coffee mug in the morning
without pulling a knob
and looking at it?
All of these are gonna be
constant reminders
of the right or wrong decision.
[exhaling loudly]
And I don't get to take
any of these knob samples
home with me.
Which--why can't I take,
like, 12 or 24 knobs
and try 'em on?
- Merce, pick a knob.
Do you like this one?
- Round.
- Okay, so then get this one.
- What about this in this size?
- They don't do that.
- Well then we should
keep looking a little bit more.
- Pick a knob!
- So--all right, so--
This one is kinda cute.
But I don't want a round.
- Pick a f---ing knob!
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
- This is a towel rack?
- It's a towel and...
- A hook?
- Robe--Correct.
- This I like.
- With MJ, the smallest steps
are monumental.
She doesn't really find
a cabinet pull,
she finds a towel hook.
But you know what?
I'm gonna take it.
And I'm gonna think of it
as a huge victory.
- Just those.
- Get those two shower hooks.
- Well, I mean, I'm gonna get...
- I love you.
- Like, four of them.
- Get four of them.
Paul, she's getting
those shower hooks.
- See you later.
- Don't let her back out of it.
Thank you.
- I won't, I won't.
[light music]
- Rez, I just wanna know
if you're sitting down.
- Bitch, don't tell me
you're pregnant.
- Promise me that
this stays between us.
- What?!
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Hello.
- Hi.
How many people?
- We're gonna be four.
- Four. You can follow me.
♪ ♪
The hookah menu's this one.
G-Wagon is one of
the most popular ones.
It's lemon, mint, white peach.
- A Persian smoking G-Wagon?
A little extra, but okay.
Do you guys have alcohol?
- No.
[music grinds to a halt]
Unfortunately,
we do not serve alcohol.
- No problem.
- Yep.
♪ ♪
[phone ringing]
Hello.
- Rez.
- Hey, babe.
- I just wanna know
if you're sitting down.
- Bitch, don't tell me
you're pregnant.
- I promise.
- Yeah. Shervin be swervin'
in Israel!
- What?!
Oh, my God.
Tara is a friend of Shervin
and GG's.
I've met her a few times.
I saw her at the fashion show.
I have nicknamed her
the Persian Betty Boop.
Tara--who happens to be married
to a very nice white man--
is f---ing my friend Shervin.
- Annalise, truth or dare?
- Truth.
- Is it true Shervin
wants to be manhandled
in the bedroom?
- [gasping]
- Not true.
- TMI.
- Not true?
- Okay, your turn.
- I can't believe
you dropped this on me.
I'm meeting Shervin
in a f---ing minute.
♪ ♪
Yeah, exactly.
Babe, I gotta go.
Mike is here.
Let me call you later.
I love you.
- Okay.
- Bye.
- What's up?
Oh, my God, Mike.
Mike, oh, my God.
- Thank you.
- Can you bring me 7UP
and some lime?
- Red Bull and ice. Thank you.
This is delicious.
- Yeah.
Gimme that bottle.
- Tell me what happened.
- I can't.
She just swore me to secrecy.
♪ ♪
- What's up?
You got the dress code.
- What up?
- What's up, brother?
- How's it going?
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Are you guys ready
to make an order?
- Yes. We're gonna do
the quesadilla,
sweet potato fries
and we'll do some hummus.
both: Thank you.
♪ ♪
- Hey, oh!
- What's up, my brother?
- What's up, buddy?
- How are you?
- It's good man, how are you?
- What's up, buddy?
- How are you doing?
- I haven't seen you in so long.
- I'm good, man. How are you?
- Good to see you.
You know, I had my reservations
regarding Tommy.
But FaceTiming with him
and seeing how
he took care of Shams
as if that was his own father.
- Hey, Dad.
- I love you, Tommy.
You're a good guy.
After that, I just
fell in love with him.
- How you guys doing?
- He's been constipated.
- Oh, really?
- I have, for the last few days
since we came back from Israel.
- Mike has been in there
for 20 minutes.
[overlapping chatter]
He's either sucking dick
or he's constipated.
Leave it to Mike's bowels
to get us to
almost miss our flight.
- Did you get it out?
- You got it out?
[all cheering]
- Victory!
- What about you?
How's your broad?
She still in Australia?
- She's still in Australia.
We've talked about--
- Is she the one?
- She's the first girl
in my life, guys, that I realize
my wife doesn't necessarily
have to be a Persian.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- I'm surprised that that.
- Okay.
She's amazing.
I'm not gonna start putting my
time and investing energy
in somebody on the other side
of the world
if I don't think there's
something potential future.
We've talked about her moving.
She's gonna come out here soon.
- Shervin is a liar
and a bad one at that.
- I would have her come here
for an extended period of time.
Life is way different when
you live with someone, right?
- Absolutely.
- Like, you f---ing realize
realize their habits.
Like, why does she not f---ing
close the cap
on the Goddamn toothpaste?
Especially your neurotic ass.
- [laughing]
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
both: Hi.
- My friend's having a baby,
so I'm just seeing if I could
find anything for her.
- Sure, yeah. Well, our infant
section's this way.
- There's a little penis
growing inside of her.
- Oh!
[both laugh]
That's exciting.
Well, here you go.
- I'm gonna look around.
Thank you.
- Sounds good, thank you.
Being around
all this baby stuff
is just giving me
that weird feeling inside.
You know? What is it called?
Baby fever?
[box clattering]
I've always wanted babies.
I was the little girl
that while my friends
were dreaming about
their husband,
I wanted a whole football team
of babies.
Because they're just pure.
They're innocent.
And hopefully I can shape one
into being
so much better than what I am.
"Sippin' on milk and juice."
Oops.
I think I'll get the
Nobel Peace Prize for that.
The baby created by GG.
The perfect child.
[upbeat music]
- What up, Geej?
You with baby clothes?
- [laughs]
How are you?
- How's it going?
- Lookit.
- Tupac, dope.
Can you find something for me?
It's not like I know
what the hell I'm doing.
- No, you have to put
an effort into it.
- I like toys.
- You have your outfit
for my birthday party?
- Um, yeah, kind of. I guess.
Do I need to Google 80s outfits?
- 100%. Don't you remember
Johnny Depp in "Cry-Baby"?
Don't you remember
John Travolta in "Grease"?
My birthday's coming up.
I'm about to be 35.
So I wanna have, like,
an awesome '80s-themed
birthday party.
- Should I do
the Flock of Seagulls?
- I mean, hello?
Michael Jackson, Madonna.
Everyone special and important
was born in the '80s,
including me!
weird voice: Ring, ring, ring,
ring, ring, ring.
- Did you get--
- Oh, my God, sorry,
this is actually my doctor.
Hello?
- Hi, GG, the doctor
just wanted to know
when you stopped taking
the Methotrexate.
- I stopped a couple weeks ago.
Was I not supposed to stop
without doctor's permission?
- After two period cycles
I can get pregnant?
All right. Thank you.
Dude, I thought I was gonna
have to wait, like, six months.
Two months, I can get pregnant.
- Wow.
- Oh, I just got a panic attack.
- This is all practice
for you right now, too.
- [laughs] I know!
'Cause we're here for me now.
Surprise!
- Wow.
- F--- that. No.
Oh, I just got hot.
- Definition of rushing it:
being with a guy for two months,
discontinuing your RA treatment
to be able to get pregnant.
Permanently tattooing his name
on your body.
- Shalom, look.
- Yeah, that pretty much
defines rushing.
I am worried.
- My birthday's coming up
and I feel like after Israel,
we haven't all
been together as a group.
- Okay.
- I don't know if
you've seen them recently,
but MJ loves to f--- us.
- Okay, yeah.
So she's saying that you are
perhaps taking on
some of Mike's characteristics,
Swinging your ding-a-ling
in people's vaginas
that are not Annalise.
And one of those people
happens to be Tara.
Never did I even suspect
that my friend Tara,
who happens to be married...
- I knew you were the man
that I was supposed to
spend the rest of my life with.
- Would be hooking up
with Shervin.
- That's almost funny, because--
- So you're saying there's
no truth to this.
- No, there's not truth to this.
- You never f---ed Tara.
- Dude, no.
- You swear to God...
- The amazing thing is--
- You did not sleep with Tara.
- I swear, I swear.
- I've known Shervin
much longer than Tara.
So if he's gonna stand right
here, look me dead in my eyes
and tell me he did not
sleep with Tara,
I'm gonna believe him.
If I find out
you've been lying to me
while I'm having your back...
- Okay.
- My foot will be
so far up your ass,
it'll go up and make you taller.
- Okay.
- How much do we need
for marketing?
- If you wanna be
like one of the big boys,
half a million dollars.
- That's a lot of money.
- It's a gamble.
[upbeat music]
- ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey, yeah ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
- Honey, what if we bring home
a couple more?
- Oh, sh--.
Hi.
- Hi, welcome
to Crumbs and Whiskers.
How are you?
- So are these cats
for adoption?
- Yeah, all the cats
you see in the space
are actually fully adoptable.
- Do you want--
- Can you order mine
while I go play?
- Sure.
I think we'll just do
iced almond milk lattes.
- That sounds great.
- Cool.
- Thank you.
- Thank you so much.
I'm obsessed with cats.
Oh...[squeals]
Lions, tigers, cats, kittens--
pussy anything.
So it--well, actually not
the kind of pussy
you're thinking of.
Like, pussy cats.
Hey, look how handsome
this guy is.
- Honey, it's got a mustache.
- Oh, my God!
- I have your
almond milk lattes.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Oh, my God. Look at this
little crazy baby.
- Oh, my goodness.
- Poo poo, let me see your face.
We look exactly alike.
Can you see his face?
- He looks so pissed.
Honey, look at this.
Can you imagine if we had
a little baby right now?
Oh, it's pissed.
- Honey.
I hope all these guys
get adopted.
- I'm sure they will.
- All these little guys
make me wanna have
a baby even more.
- Okay, I thought we were coming
to enjoy a little cat retreat.
- We're coming here
to enjoy kitty cats...
- Yeah.
- And at the same time,
I wanna talk babies with you
since we haven't
talked about kids since we met
with the adoption agent.
- What brought you
to the idea of parenthood?
- His biological clock
is ticking.
- Okay.
- The compromise was
I would go to the adoption
agency thing with you
and you'd go get
your sperm analyzed.
- Mm-hmm.
- And you haven't done
any of it.
- That's very true.
- What I would like
to see from you
is for you to fulfill
your promises.
For example,
the whole sperm thing.
- Don't--no, honey, listen.
- Honey.
- I am trying to keep
the adoption dream alive.
I'm watering that motherf---er,
I'm giving it sun.
And Adam is kind of
whipping his dick out
and saying,
"You know what? Mm-mm."
I know we keep saying
we're "discussing it,"
but it looks like
we're going down
the f---ing surrogacy route.
I'll take the damn test.
- Do you gotta use that kinda
white trash language?
- I'll take the lovely test.
- Thank you.
Compromise.
- Mm.
[light music]
- Compromise.
I'll have to start tomorrow
'cause I already jacked off
once today.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- So I'll pull these out just so
that we can reference it all.
- So obviously,
they're all here now
and these are all
the new samples.
The whole range.
- Dude, these are so cute.
- You wanna try one on?
[laughs]
- I think these are gonna
do really well for us,
the baby shoes.
Becoming an entrepreneur
is a rollercoaster.
Wow! We struck
a deal with Kitson.
They wanna put in
all their 15 stores.
They wanna order
thousands of shoes.
Yay! I f---ing made it!
[cheering]
I appreciate everyone coming out
and showing your support.
[cheering]
Two weeks later,
Kitson goes bankrupt
and stole a ton of my money.
But the world handed me lemons.
I'm gonna make baby shoes.
- I feel like we need
to figure out the strategy,
in terms of our funds
that we can burn
because of how much we've lost.
- Everyone around me
has baby fever.
And here I am, curing them.
It's gonna make me
way more money
than I would've ever made
with Kitson.
F--- Kitson, dude.
We got f---ing robbed.
- But where we are now is,
look, we still came out of it.
And the question is, like,
how much more
are you willing
to put into this financially?
- How much do we need
for marketing?
- I mean, if you wanna
be like one of the big boys,
half a million dollars.
Right from the jump.
- That's a lot of money.
- It's a gamble.
- I think we have a f---ing
amazing product.
I'm willing to take
f---ing risks and plant my flag.
I stand behind these shoes.
I love them.
I think that we can really
do some big things.
Having the courage
to take risks,
it reminds me of something
my grandfather did
back in his heyday.
He left Iran at the age of 15,
went to Japan
when most Iranians would never
do such a thing.
Got involved in
the Japanese stock markets.
Came to the United States,
bought homes
for each of his children.
An ultimate patriarch.
So I put myself at
a very high expectation
of what I need to achieve.
In the not-very-distant future,
I'm gonna have to be
the patriarch of the family.
- Now we gotta go out
and really put our money
where our mouth is.
- I'm gonna do it.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Welcome to Fratelli's.
How you doing today?
- Good. Yeah, I'm meeting
a buddy of mine.
- Anything to drink
I can start you out with?
- This michelada, can you do it
without the tomato mix?
So it's just lime and salt?
- Yeah. Awesome.
That'll be right out.
- Thanks.
- Hi.
- What's up, Merce?
- How are you?
- How you doing?
- Oh, you smell good.
I'm good.
I think.
Gracias.
- There you go, sir.
- Hi.
- How you doing today?
- Good, thanks. How are you?
- I'm great.
- A glass of sauvignon blanc,
if you have it.
- You got it.
- And some ice water,
please.
- Not a problem.
- With lemon.
- You got it.
- Awesome.
[sighs]
What did you do today?
- Um...
I was just running around.
I finalized my outfit
for Golnesa's birthday.
And I went with Golnesa
to go shopping,
baby clothes, yesterday.
- [sighs]
- So while I'm talking to her,
she's like, listen,
MJ's got all this information
about you hooking up with Tara.
So, what's being said aside,
I'm a little disappointed
and upset that you wouldn't
come talk to me first
before going and talking
to all these other people.
- Shervin is such
a controlling motherf---er.
He invites me to lunch
for damage control.
Let me practice my eye roll.
[percussive music]
- I didn't hook up with her.
She's been telling everybody
that she's been seeing somebody.
- Okay.
- And then I don't know
what tweaked
in her sociopathic mind
that now she's like, "Okay,
you know what, it's Shervin."
But I've only seen Tara, like,
four or five.
Six times, maybe.
- He is so knee-deep in sh--.
I know Shervie got swervy
with Tara for a fact.
- She's friends with
Golnesa and Sarah
and the only time I see her--
she comes around--is with them.
But now I'm starting to realize
she's got serious problems.
- Tara told my friend that she
wants to leave her husband
and stay with Shervin
and eventually marry Shervin.
But Tara might have set
her sights way too high.
Because what she didn't know
was that Shervin
just wanted to swerve.
So you're saying it's done.
- I'm saying it's bullsh--.
- Okay.
- What she's saying is bullsh--.
- She needs to
see a doctor, dude.
She's 5150, you know?
- She made this all up.
- Yeah.
- I've been through denial
in my life.
I've been there.
- She did try to
hit me up a couple times.
I've told her husband this.
- He is in denial,
and if what I need to do
is to pretend with him
to make him feel supported...
This girl must be crazy.
I believe everything
you're saying.
I will pretend to believe him,
even though he is full of sh--.
- Well, I feel
a lot better, Merce.
Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Did Shervin admit to you
that he f---ed her or not?
[dramatic musical flourish]
[upbeat music] ♪ ♪
- [sighs]
[doorbell dings]
Hey, baby--ooh.
Hotsy-totsy.
- Did you call for a hooker?
- No. A hookah.
- [laughs]
- While you're there,
smoke the hookah.
Mm, you look beautiful, baby.
- I do?
- [purrs]
- Oh, my God, baby. Hyacinth?
- Yes.
I know that's your favorite.
- Oh, my God.
You want a glass of wine?
Or would you like
your Halle Berry first?
- I would love a Halle Berry.
Don't spill it on me.
Thank you.
- You look so nice, babe.
- Thank you, baby.
I'm new at this
ovulation kit thing.
But I think I'm ovulating,
and you're supposed to
have sex, like,
five days inside of that time.
I just have to have sex with him
while I'm ovulating,
and then, boom, pregnant.
It's not every day
that Tommy and I will
check into a five-star hotel
to f---,
but we need to do
something romantic.
So are you supposed to drink
right before
you're supposed to try
to conceive?
- We're about to find out.
- Can we at least relax first?
- I haven't jerked off
for a week, so--
- A little tense?
- I am so
the total opposite
of relaxed right now.
I can't wait to
stick it in places.
- Okay. Ooh, ooh, ooh,
don't spill it.
Gracias.
I'm more in love
with Tommy than ever.
Don't spill my blackberry
on my jacket.
And I kind of feel like
today might be the day
for him to plant his seed
inside of me
and make a little Tommy and MJ.
Can you just, like,
say, "I love you"?
- I do love you.
- And I want--
- I do love you, honey.
- And I wanna make your--
make babies with you.
I want my dad to see my baby,
and I'm not getting
any younger,
and I really have to prioritize
family and pregnancy.
- This is where
the magic happens.
- It's like Nike.
Just do it.
- You ready for me to pull
the rabbit out of my hat?
- Put all of your fears aside.
You're gonna be a great mom.
He's gonna be a great dad.
- Yo!
- Everything will be fine.
Just get a C-section.
Your box will be intact.
You know?
[MJ moans]
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Here we go.
Thank you.
Where are you guys gonna set up?
Over there?
- That side.
- Perfect. Here we go.
This is tequila.
This is a really special
birthday for me.
Whiskey.
Because my health is better
and I'm in a great relationship.
- I love you.
- It just means a lot for me
that I have
all my friends around me.
Shut up! You did not!
Shalom, it's the same thing.
Most people feel old
at the age of 35...
[screams]
- But I have
great plastic surgeons
to keep me looking younger,
so I'm not concerned,
'cause I look 25 anyway, so--
Bring it.
- This is for you.
- I have something for you, too.
- Are you serious?
- I'm dead serious.
Am I gonna fit in that?
- You got a big ass,
but your ass
ain't bigger than that.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
both: Hi!
- Happy birthday.
- You look so adorable.
- I love it.
- Oh! On the tips.
Ohh!
- I have something to tell you.
- What's up?
- I have someone that I wanna
introduce you to.
- How does she look?
- I think she's beautiful.
- Yeah.
- I do.
- Is she smart?
- Yes.
- Is she Persian?
- Does she have a job?
- I'm not gonna give
too much info.
I wanna set Mike up on a date.
He needs a woman who is a boss.
And who better yet to challenge
him than a Persian woman?
- I'm open.
- I'm so happy that you're open.
- I love you. I'm just open.
I'm open.
- He needs a fine-ass chick
who's very classy,
very respectful.
Like how I am.
However, I am not trying
to go on that lane.
Like, no. Me and Mike
and then where he's been.
It's just...[gags] Uhh!
Uhh!
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- My doctor called me yesterday,
gave me some news.
- What kinda news?
- I haven't told him.
- What?
- Well, then, don't tell--
I mean, what kinda news?
- What are you talking about?
- I don't know.
What's happening?
- Well, the baby factory's 100%
ready to open in two months.
- No way!
- Two months, yeah.
- So you guys hurry up
so we can...you know.
- Look at him.
[laughing]
- What? What's up?
[laughter, chatter]
- [laughing]
Yeah, I might impulsive,
but I met an awesome guy,
and the biological clock
has been ticking and has tocked.
Sorry I didn't talk to you
about it but, hey, I'm ready.
- Shalom's acting very weird.
- Like, "What happened?"
- Two months?
This, that, all this news--
Come on!
- I know. I don't wanna be
that annoying, like--
- Relax.
['80s synth music]
♪ ♪
- Whoo, whoo.
- How do I look?
- You look amazing.
- It's been a long ride.
- I need a drink!
- Let's drink.
- Happy birthday.
I love you.
- Thank you so much for coming.
- Thank you.
- Happy birthday.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Hey!
[murmurs]
- Hi.
- Shalom.
- How are you?
- Hey.
- How's your dad?
- Oh, he's doing better,
thank you.
- Oh, really? Oh, nice.
- Asa is fake, fake, fake,
fake, fake.
This relationship
is so painful,
I want to just be done.
[lightly edgy music]
♪ ♪
- Are you getting skates?
- The level of toxicity
that comes from MJ
has gotten so high...
- Whoa! Ahh!
- I don't wanna be around you.
['80s-style music]
♪ ♪
- Uh-oh.
[laughs]
Hey, get me out of here.
- Whoo!
- [screams, laughs]
- F---, f---, sh--, sh--.
Oh, you son of a bitch!
♪ ♪
- Oh, my God!
- Oh, my God. Come here.
- I'm so jealous.
Everyone's doing, like,
the aerobics workout thing,
and I'm not.
- I love it.
It's perfect.
After I saw Shervin
baby shopping,
I asked Tara and Shervin
to come over,
and Shervin admitted
he did sleep with her.
- Are you doing okay?
- I don't think he's coming.
- No, he's probably not.
- Not coming at all?
- I don't think he's coming.
- At the end
of our conversation,
I agreed to help Shervin
cover this up
and not say anything to anyone.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Is that him
in that horrible wig?
What's he doing in that wig?
- I don't know.
- That looks hideous.
- So the presents are there.
- Okay, okay.
- The alcohol's there.
Which it looks like
you need some.
- Yes, yes, yes.
- Yeah, we can go--
[dramatic musical sting]
♪ ♪
- The truth should just
f---ing come out.
And let it be told.
- Shervin!
Golnesa said you f---ed her
and you admitted it!
[hip-hop music]
♪ ♪
- Shervin's here.
- So the presents are there.
- Okay, okay.
- And the alcohol's there.
Which, it looks like
you need some.
- Yeah, we can go--
- Let's go.
- Okay.
- Hey! Oh, my God.
You look so good.
- What's up, brother?
- What's happening?
- Nothing, I'm just
pissed right now, okay?
- No, I don't wanna
talk to him right now.
- That's it, you stick
with the truth.
You can never go wrong
when you stick with the truth.
- Yeah. Do you guys
have my back or not?
If you're not, like--
- I'm honest.
I know what happened.
You told the truth?
- Yeah.
- And that's what it is.
I agreed to keep the secret
between Shervin and Tara,
but it's not exactly a
comfortable position to be in.
I care about both of them,
and I don't want either of them
getting hurt.
- Can I ask you
a stupid question?
[speaking Farsi]
- Because I called him out.
Listen--
- [speaking Farsi]
- I know that.
[Tara indistinct]
And I told one of
my girlfriends.
Stupid me.
- Is Shervin denying it?
- Of course he's
f---ing denying it.
- Of course!
- Shut up.
- She should f---ing know
the truth about this guy.
F--- this.
I was protecting his ass!
- How long has he
been protecting you?
- What's up?
- I'm not going to
anymore either.
- Hey.
- What's going on?
- The truth should just
f---ing come out
and let it be told.
I'll mind my business then.
- You had sex with her.
Why aren't you keeping it real?
- 'Cause I didn't
- Shervin, stop.
- Why would she lie
to her husband?
- You're saying I did.
- Shervin, stop it.
- You're saying I did, for real?
- Of course you did.
- Shervin has got a little
fetish for the secret thing,
like the down-low.
He likes sneaking
behind the shadows
in the alley,
in the backyard
of the second lot
of the guesthouse
over three bridges
in that other city,
two towns away from
the main one.
That is what gets
Shervin's dick hard.
Sorry. But it's true.
- Are you crazy?
- Shervin, shut the f--- up.
- Are you that sick?
- I swear to God.
- I was gonna have
your f---ing back, Shervin.
- Have my back? For what?
- I was. Shut the f--- up.
- What? Who the f--- you think
you're talking to like that?
- No, stop it. Stop it.
- What's the drama?
- She's married,
and he's seeing Annalise.
Within the past 4 1/2 months,
he's been poking her.
- Whatever, though.
She wanted it.
He's just trying to get some.
- Okay, I don't believe it.
- You guys--
- And I'll tell you why.
- I'm sorry.
- I totally don't wanna
change the subject, but...
- It's amazing.
- It's kind of amazing.
- Don't f--- with me
and my f---ing life.
- You are so delusional,
you need pills.
- Okay.
- I don't even wanna be
about that now.
I'm a man that believes
in the bro code.
He comes to me and asks me
for my opinion,
I'll give it to him.
Until then, I'm keeping quiet.
Because I've been through it.
I get it.
I was him last year.
- Since you've been
married to her
have you ever done her wrong?
- What, like cheated on her?
- Yeah.
- No.
And I'm not
faulting him for it,
but eventually,
the truth always comes out.
- Listen, Rez,
I can go anywhere I want
and pick up any girl I want.
It's not hard.
This? Not even my type.
- Can we go have a cigarette?
- He was at f---ing Golnesa's
house two days ago:
"Guys, we need
to game plan this.
Tara, make sure
you don't f---ing--"
- I said that two days ago?
- Oh, my God!
- You are so good.
- Are you serious?
- Oh, wow.
- You are so good.
- Just give your acceptance
speech to the Academy.
- No, I think you should,
sweetheart.
- That's cool.
I did not touch Tara, ever.
I didn't sleep with her.
I didn't hook up with her.
I did nothing.
Zero.
[ambient background chatter]
[tense music]
- Golnesa, can you please,
once and for all--
Did Shervin admit to you
that he f---ed her or not?
- I know very clearly that after
I walked in that fashion show,
Tara went to Shervin's house.
Funny enough, that night,
Annalise's plane got delayed
and Tara had to leave
because Shervin had to go
get his girlfriend.
What happened?
- There was a fuel leak
on the plane.
- Then they had to get
her bags off the plane,
everything.
She got back at, like, 3:30
in the morning.
- I hope he washed the sheets
before he got his girlfriend.
[sighs]
Yes.
- He admitted it.
- Yes.
[dramatic music]
- Shervin! Golnesa said
you f---ed her
and you admitted it to her.
- Where is she?
Where is she?
- Oh, my God!
- Where's Golnesa?
- It's not just me, MJ.
He f---ed around with everybody.
And I really did like Shervin.
I really do.
But I got to see
the real person in him.
I've been so f---ing blinded.
- Shervin and Tara have been
hiding the salami,
and Tara thought Annalise
is so far away in Australia
that Shervin
will just drop her.
And she fell for this dog.
- Dude.
- Just--
- Listen, if I did,
I'd say I did.
- If I did--I would.
I'm telling you--
- You don'--
you want me to just--
- Everyone was done with Mike.
Everyone was like,
"Mike, f--- you."
- If you want me to go--
- 'Cause we all knew
what Mike was doing.
- If you want me to go say it,
I'll go say it.
But I didn't nail her.
I'll go. I don't care.
It really makes
no difference to me.
This is all brought up
by everybody else.
- I can't force you to--
- No, I'll go say it.
- I'll be like, okay,
I did it.
Watch.
- No, I don't wanna
watch anything--
- No, it'll make her
feel better,
it'll make her feel better.
Watch.
- I want you to tell the truth.
- I did. It didn't work.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- I'm worried about Shervin.
- Where is everybody?
Everybody's outside?
- I think so.
- Here's the thing.
Many years ago,
I had a partner of seven years,
and I cheated on him.
And we ended up breaking up
because of it.
And luckily, when Adam
came into my life,
I was working on myself
and when he was--
- Hey, really simple.
I just talked to Golnesa.
It makes everybody feel better,
that's what I did.
- What?
- Whatever she says I did.
- Can I tell you something?
- And you know what?
Whatever she says I did,
and then I did it twice,
and three times and six times.
- So what I was talking to her
about, which is how important
it was for me to learn from
experience that I had had.
- Rez, what you don't get is,
I've told you
a hundred times
what the truth is.
But that's not working.
So, okay.
If it makes everybody
feel better, sure.
- Did you say it happened
to me?
- I said I met up with her,
we went to this bar,
she told me she needed to talk.
"I need advice,
you give such good advice
to Sarah and Golnesa, can you
please sit down and talk to me?"
I did say that.
And I did.
Had a couple drinks with Tara.
That's all that happened.
Golnesa has now taken
me meeting up with her
to me having f---ed her.
I didn't touch her.
She's not even my type.
- You're a liar.
- Listen, bro.
- He's a f---ing liar.
- Whatever I say.
- Liar. Liar.
- Thank you. Appreciate it.
- One of the reasons
why I speak so frankly
about Mike and Shervin
is because
I was exactly like them.
I'm a self-confessed
reformed ho.
Even Mike realized
owning his sh--.
It made him more real
and more lovable.
The fact that you've manned up
and owned it, we don't judge you
for what you've done.
- Thank you.
- Shervin is not standing
in his truth.
He is denying it until the end.
- Just own up to it.
- Listen, own up.
- That's all it is.
- If it was something
for me to own up,
I would own up.
- I can't. You guys need to
finish this up.
Look, Bill Clinton, there are
come stains on the dress,
we know you got
your d--- sucked.
Admit to it.
- Next, on "Shahs of Sunset"...
[babies crying]
[laughter]
- Everyone got their shoes?
We're gonna melt the hearts
of all of America.
We're gonna make some money
while we're at it.
- Smart.
- Small.
- Camp.
- Kite?
- I can't differentiate
between words.
- You scored 28%
in each ear.
- There's this little voice
in my head that says--
- She got in vitro.
- Yeah.
- She got in vitro, dude.
- Let's be super real.
This is why I don't trust you.
This is what
it comes down to me.
I share the things in my life
with people I trust.
- Gimme some hugs
and kisses.
- Can you stop boxing me
the f--- up?
- For more "Shahs of Sunset,"
go to bravotv.com